add zlogs workload docs (#78)
threefoldfoundation/info_manual3: wiki/manual3_iac/grid3_terraform/resources/terraform_zlogs.md

# Zlogs

> Zlogs is a utility workload that allows you to stream `zmachine` logs to a remote location. You can find full description [here](https://github.com/threefoldtech/zos/tree/main/docs/manual/zlogs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Zlogs is a utility that allows you to stream VM logs to a remote location. You can find the full description [here](https://github.com/threefoldtech/zos/tree/main/docs/manual/zlogs)
```
